Rework Building a Discovery Image (#1555)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_building-a-discovery-image.adoc

ifdef::satellite[]
The operating system image is based on {RHEL} 7.
endif::[]
ifdef::orcharhino[]

> The operating system image is based on Rocky Linux 8.

Reviewer: The OS of the host on which you're running this procedure? Please clarify.

> The operating system image for the following procedure is based on Rocky Linux 8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following procedure on Rocky Linux 8.
```

> The Discovery image is based on Cent OS 8.

Reviewer: CentOS 8 is EoL.

Reviewer 2: It is based on CentOS 8 Stream really, we build against a rolling distro.

Reviewer 3: @lzap Note that this is specifically for the orcharhino build. I don't know what they build on. Upstream is just below in the `ifndef`.

Reviewer: Thanks for clarifing. Then this needs to be changed to "CentOS 8 Stream". @jloeser

> The Discovery image is based on Cent OS 8 Stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Discovery image is based on Cent OS Stream 8.
```

ifndef::satellite,orcharhino[]

> The operating system image is based on CentOS 8 Stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The operating system image is based on CentOS Stream 8.
```

Do not use this procedure on your production {Project} or {SmartProxy}.
Use either a dedicated environment or copy the synchronized repositories and a kickstart file to a separate server.

ifdef::orcharhino[]
.Prerequisites
* Ensure that hardware virtualization is available on your host.
* Install the following packages:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes"]
----
# dnf install lorax anaconda pykickstart wget qemu-kvm
----
* Clone the `foreman-discovery-image` repository:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes"]
----
$ git clone https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-discovery-image.git

> $ cd ./foreman-discovery-image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ cd foreman-discovery-image
```

----

.Procedure
. Prepare the kickstart file:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes"]
----
$ ./build-livecd fdi-centos8.ks
----
. Build the ISO image:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes"]
----
$ sudo ./build-livecd-root _custom_ ./result "nomodeset nokaslr"
----
+

> The options `nomodeset` and `nokaslr` instruct the Discovery image kernel later to disable mode setting and to disable ASLR (Address Space Layout Randomization).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The options `nomodeset` and `nokaslr` instruct the Discovery image kernel to disable mode setting and to disable ASLR (Address Space Layout Randomization).
```
